---
title: So Lost
layout: post
created_at: Wed Jul 03 2013 16:38
permalink: /blog/2013-07-03-so-lost
author: inchworms
twitter: inchworms_

---

Today we started creating [version 2](https://github.com/inchworms/songs_by_nancy_v2) of our app using DataMapper to implement basic database functionality. But before we could finish this Matt wanted us to improve our initial version of the app by converting our data directly from a csv file into Ruby (thereby circumventing the need for a JSON file altogether).

This was easier said than done.

Four hours later we were bashing our keyboards with traumatised fingertips and jamming our over-clocked irc clients with copy-pasted error messages (Anja uses irssi by the way. She is übergeek).

Anja was in need of ibroprofen or earplugs (or both), and Carla needed to lower her voice a little. What seemed relatively simple with JSON.parse was completly confounding with CSV.parse. Most of it boiled down to the fact that JSON could pretty easily parse an array of hashes, but CSV needed more coaxing. ANYWAY. Urs thankfully indicated a few blindingly obvious syntax errors that had been staring us in the face all along. A missing comma here, a misplaced curly bracket there, you know the drill. It really is true that staring at code for hours can make it impossible to see.

Meanwhile, if that didn't make the day crazy enough, Konstatine had his own vision impairments, spending most of it searching for a piece of code he just couldn't find...

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/xDklw2MfFhQ?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>



